● What is Reconciliation in React?
  Reconciliation is the process through which React updates the 
  UI to match the most recent state of the application. When the state or props
  of a component change, React compares the new element tree with the previous one, 
  identifies the differences (referred to as "diffing"), and applies only the necessary 
  updates to the real DOM. This process ensures that the UI remains 
  consistent with the application's data and state changes.

● What is React Fiber?
  React Fiber is a rewrite of React's core algorithm for better
  performance and responsiveness in applications. It breaks rendering work into 
  smaller chunks, making apps smoother and more interactive, especially with large 
  component trees. Introduced in React 16, it prioritizes updates and can pause and 
  resume work, enhancing resource management and user experience.



● Why we need keys in React? When do we need keys in React?
    Efficient Reconciliation: React uses keys to determine which items have changed,
    been added, or been removed in a list. When React reconciles the 
    virtual DOM with the actual DOM, it uses keys to optimize
    this process by identifying which elements need to be updated.

● Can we use index as keys in React?
  React itself says that dont use index as keys in React . If you order of the elements is 
  changing dont use index. Because react identifies which elements need to be changed with
  the help of index . 

● What is props in React? 
  Props are just argument passed to the React functional component 
  Pros are wrapped up in an objet and then goes as a prop in the function argument 

● What is a Config Driven UI ?
  A Config-Driven UI, also known as Configuration-Driven UI or Configurable UI, 
  is a design approach where the layout, behavior, and appearance of a user interface 
  are defined and controlled by a configuration file(API) or data structure (map , array , object )
  rather than hardcoding them into the application code.

 